okay kids have fun thanks Jimmy Jimmy's
not gonna be with us for this trailer
review but that's okay because we have
two super cool guys you know a shitload
about movies hi I'm Sam and I'm Jay yes
and I'm Andrea we haven't done this in a
while
I think the lego movie was the last one
I believe so right right I mean that was
a classic this movie doesn't even have
Batman in it so I don't know why we're
reviewing yeah trailer it doesn't really
make any sense to me but they just have
canneries but it does have Keanu Reeves
so 47 Ronin the sequel to 46 Ronin the
underappreciated Japanese piano piece so
if numerically this is somewhere between
Seven Samurai and 300 in terms of in
terms of small groups of people who have
to battle armies and now that you
mentioned that it actually feels like
those two mixed totally it is is a
perfect blend of those unlike those two
films though they're kind of defending
their turf and defending like a village
or they're you know all right this is
all on the offense these guys are trying
to kill somebody who killed their master
that doesn't I'm pretty sure that this
is defensive Keanu Reeves is clearly
Japanese in this picture and it is set
in Japan one can only assume that it's
me that's offensive
that is completely offensive that's
offensive no matter how do you look at
know I think it air on the F I think
it's very creative casting and I'm very
excited to get into this so let's let's
start right let's start this off do it
now uh this was cut by a wild card
agency okay before we go any further
there we go this guy this guy's name is
Ric Genest and believe it or not that a
makeup that's his face I actually saw an
ad a pretty creative one we should link
to it in the comments of a tattoo makeup
kit for like you know if your parents
don't know your entire body is covered
in horrifying skull tattoos right ready
apply it and he looked normal with it on
and then he took it off and it was all
me this guy you've seen this guy without
only in a lot of like you said Anthony
pop cultural things right interesting I
don't know
he's been in a movie of the scale before
a definitely not enroll this big so it
usually is one of the character posters
so I assume that he's gonna be kind of a
big character in the movie so wild card
agency cut this they've done a lot of
big stuff the last thing I can pick the
big it was the Wolverine II we open with
Pirates of the Caribbean three is pretty
cool this is absolutely
alright now this is one of too many in
my opinion just title cards yes there is
about one too many we've killed like and
all of the right amount of times and
words of it yeah it's only one or two
words that I'm it's the kind of thing
you do when you have a foreign language
film yeah yeah this is way this is what
modern RT of like modern you know kind
of campaigns do when they have a foreign
language film they don't want you know
it's a foreign language um so they never
show anybody talk though which is funny
because this is an English I think what
weaves has said that the movie is gonna
start in Japanese right and then open up
with English which is fantastic great
little Hunt for Red October where they
tow brain right like the beginning of
13th warrior movie that in my opinion no
I mean I love their tonight it's a good
memory in my opinion pictures like this
fit very smoothly into that archetype
and I love seeing these like I'm a big
fan of the original conan movies and
this sort of seems like it's in that
vein I'm very excited totally Valkyrie
did that as well you guys remember that
totally doctor start with chair manage
time and a week we got 14,000 more
Target Center so let's yeah let's get
through this there's a lot of smile
you'll notice it's primarily a Japanese
cast they beat up
Wolverine right here at the fury
Russian director well so let's talk
about our Karl Karl Erik all right for
the morning we're gonna say a lot of
names I don't know how to pronounce 95%
of these names I know Keanu Reeves yeah
there you go there you go nice - that
really well yeah I don't know how to
pronounce most of these other guys okay
you know Mandarin so sorry that's the
bra you're gonna help a whole lot out
with the Japanese but Jess please say
let go cuckoo cheese named for us Rinko
Kikuchi all right really good look at
that again all right so um the director
is Karl Erik rinse wrench ring ship yeah
thank you
now he we saw before we do this we saw
you can check it out on YouTube a short
film hey he made called the gift oh it's
beautiful she's really exquisitely - I
did not know he did that but it's a
fantastic
the Russians work yeah it's totally cool
I mean I mean it's a little empty drum
it's a little empty dramatically not
used to be named it was directed by a
contemporary Russian director no offense
no offense
- were I can't say your name but a lot
of things right you see at this scale to
come out of Russia are a very visually
flashy there they are like they feel
kind of like contemporary Japanese
directors and totally they take like an
American genre type and then just do it
to the nth degree weird even their sub
titles have to be like 3d and yeah so um
if you if you want to know why Universal
hired a first-time feature-length
filmmaker to do a hundred seventy
million dollar samurai movie starring
Keanu Reeves check out the gift and
maybe that'll answer the question is
quite visually interesting yeah we will
link to it below we will most of rich
destined riches work with sci-fi great
kind of strange that they've gotten
doing an 18th century Japan well right I
mean this you know I admittedly I did
not get my minor in 18th century
Japanese history however you do notice
there is a preponderance of our elders
if I remember the this is really good
though I said this fight looks really
all just look pretty cool
I'm authentically I'm gonna cop to it
right now I'm very biased in this review
I'm credibly excited for this movie
really yeah like is simply the fact that
we're seeing fights that are one person
one person I'm not gonna lie it would be
very nice to see a big stupid action
movie in which literally millions of
people are not killed right fan of
fantasy sword and sandal epics totally
totally and this is really practical to
me I mean I'm sure there's a lot of seek
you know that's always but you know
looks like they looks very well done it
also refers revenge one of oh and here
we go our first name now this is karaoke
thank you for that guess what now it's
just gonna point to yes also
Twilight samurais a great film for about
a decade ago he's he's the star of that
film right and so he is sort of leading
up the 47 Ronin who are on this well
avenge their minds leading it up maybe
actually in the narrative of the movie
and for Japanese audiences right let's
not kid ourselves it's your generation
look who's taller in this frame almost
certainly every crew here is taller than
those horses but that's interesting they
actually shot every scene of this movie
first in Japanese and then in English
just to get all of the actors a little
more comfortable with what they're
dealing with right by the way I did not
simply have you say Rinko Kikuchi 's
name because it's very interesting to my
ear she is in this movie yes and I
really liked her in Pacific Rim I
thought she was great and then however
it would be really nice to see a bunch
of Japanese actors speaking Japanese and
not sort of being forced to do
just like which is fine she really
acquitted herself quite well in this
she's when I read her Elizabeth's in
junkets speaking fine but it always does
sound a little R and this would love if
Keanu Reeves had to speak Japanese
oh yeah that's and you know sort of they
dubbed it in this I think rights or
election well Farrell did with Casa de
been really great a big fan of the Casa
de me popular
now you talking about pirates this I
mean not just cuz the ships but it has a
very unique kind of visual sense
somewhere between Tim Burton and Korver
brewskis somewhere in the realm of
fantasy it's it's out speaking of cocoon
yeah it's it's American directors done
to the nth degree or IND girl let me
just go back to how far her neck goes
back oh yes let's go crazy and she's got
a one blue eye I've noticed not sure
what the story behind that is I'm sure
there's one are out there she is a
mystic type of a widget character from
what I'm gathering from this trailer
yeah you know which is now Jim Matheson
John Matheson Jonathan as soon as the DP
on this oh he's also done like gladiator
and Kingdom of Heaven and Robin Hood
really nuts Robin Hood so those look
suitably at that thing Lord right you
know but his x-men first class so
teaches he's telling ya and then was 3d
great so he has experience with three
right which this film is supposed to be
written also medley that there have been
this was supposed to come out like a
year and a half ago this movie here are
a lot of production strut it is a
complicated production schedule they're
making it in Japanese English they shot
it in Japan parts of England I'm not
gonna Britain right finessing the way I
would if it essentially especially this
has been we there have been a lot of
troubled productions that have done
quite well recently he famously had a
very troubled production and that movie
was far better than it should be exactly
that's how what everybody says the movie
is better than any right yeah yeah all
right what's up listening thing so I
didn't get a good count whether there's
47 but please if you're watching pause
during that head yeah practically shot
very cool shot no I yeah rings anybody
totally after the the recent in my
opinion total mess that was Jack the
giant murderous later killer you know
destroyer of I'd be nice to see a large
sort of goofy fantasy epic
get it right like I think we've all been
waiting was but as someone with a lot of
fondness for that particular genre and
all the conventions they're in I think
everybody in our generation would love
to see a follow up to Princess Bride
like something that's right yeah
same and I don't know if this is no no
it's like it's a little more serious
Brian however I think he honorees
you know usually intentionally he's got
a certain dry sense of humor in a lot of
movies he's done and I think he would be
a follow-up to to carry use people the
sense of humor and like the matrix even
I like he Atrix carried a lot this is a
man I love I love him came to us with
Bill and Ted I mean right think he's
lost those chops
I just know be speaking Shakespearean
like he does in my own private item yeah
well or in any of the Shakespeare brands
now this is a little snow whitey hey the
entire thing just by comparing it to
other movies now we see a lot of CGI
that I I can't say it looks as fantastic
as some of the stuff earlier in the
trailer I like the look less of this it
looks very threatening writer than just
sort of race for graceful and
off-putting like I don't know there's
something about that you know the dragon
whatever yeah the you know look the
smile Ryan right yeah apparently she is
a shapeshifter
yeah right this to me looks better than
the desolation of smaug dragon I'm sorry
I think that might not be age that not
be a maybe
popular opinion play well we see very
little of the desolation of we saw a
beer
steady charlatan yeah this is a second
and I just like it more I like the
design more I hear you I hear ya
so um now we hear that this scene was
actually added after they did their
initial shooting because there wasn't
enough calories in the movie or enough
giant blue dragon and this is all
conjecture but it's based on rumors we
want to we want to say that but we don't
know even if the see was directed by
Carl Eric real ya know but it might have
been having a presence where like there
hasn't been a lot of official stages but
we know the production track down we
know went way over budget he is a
first-time filmmaker handling 170
million dollar budget I mean yeah but
there are some set pieces here that you
know if they followed through on this
I'm very excited about this movie really
it looks this looks like Conan but with
a total misunderstanding of Japanese
history and the total understanding of
Japanese culture this is actually read
like it doesn't look on thing but it
looks like they buy it like Japanese
anime manga it has this very weird
obsession with Western culture and
culture especially I think it's it all
wrong and I think it's fascinating when
you know Western filmmakers do that to
Japan like do you think this is doing to
Japan in this century what they did to
1920s New York in the shadow a new war
especially oh well I mean it's not
completely to the ground I did shadow
there's not a day that goes by that
Santa doesn't talk about how amazing the
shadows to be fair it is the greatest
film ever made but I like the there's
there's something about this that looks
it really does look like pirates you
know it's it's played in real not being
right you know and honestly I love
pirates woman 2 I would say what you
will about three or four they're not
good movies by any sense of the term but
in my opinion pirates 1 & 2 are
fantastic
we're at a scene
this absolutely looks like it fits into
that pantheon right making sorry pretty
excited any movie that has a man who
really has those tattoos - and Pandora
Oh a little a little Jacob's Ladder
action Jacob's Ladder Bones which you
know I like that that effect I'm calling
that band name right now and I you
wonder where all the monks go they must
clear out for this fight and but now
they're back yes so maybe it's one you
remember RA do you remember an attack
the clones there's that assassin and
right before that assassin like and then
die like her face turned into her face
turns into exactly what happened just a
awkward bulge of face good yeah
and yet I think this is already much
better more entertaining
this trailers much more entertaining
than the prequels so I meet them waiting
for this trailer for a long time like we
keep kept on hearing like 4747 around
for you separately it's been it's been
in the works for quite a while and now
we finally pause it just one second I've
gotta ask right do you think the design
for the samurai we've seen a couple of
shots of you know big silver guy you
think was finalized before people
started seeing footage leaked out from
The Wolverine which features how Italy
here it is silver semi who looks very
swear to God exactly right this they
even say my character mom yes or
something I mean you know obviously I'm
excited to see both of those pictures
but it really does look a lot like a
samurai you sucker punch again it would
be nice to see a version of Sucker Punch
that doesn't suck
not to be to alliterative but and it
does share an actor with the Wolverine
and uh Yuri Okies oh my god I was
offended by what just happened let us
know if you win this job and that guy
here you right right
all right so it also also did to play
off the Western sensibilities with
Eastern Sesa but the sensibilities not
even that but just the interesting since
releases of writings the writers are
Chris Morgan who did the fast and
furious want to lie all the fastest and
watching it wanted a movie that was
directed by two more Beckman camp
announces and Ray Romano bacon exactly
he does have a Erin's writing for
Russians right and the other guy wrote
drive so that's a good sign right so be
ready for like 40 minutes of no speak
play pop music violence absolutely kick
it out that's gonna be the problem
though is when they open their mouth
look I'm a I'm a big fan of the movie
Conan I don't know if I made that clear
sure
so it doesn't bother me when people open
their mouths and like you know I we've
got two key to the week's coming back
that does not if I can sit through a
Schwarzenegger movie I guarantee I can
enjoy this so far we don't know if this
movie has anybody punching a horse so
just say it's a movie it has someone
punching a horse in it what's wrong with
you right so I you know you know this
was this was in terms of everything we
were expecting from the already said
Verona everything we've been hearing for
a long time I think this pretty much
lives up to kind of a surprise than what
I was expecting I was expecting
something I being visually stimulating I
mean I'm glad they're getting Randy with
an I was worried that they were gonna
basically play it as the movie like as
the story of the 47 Ronin like an actual
historical epic right it's good to see
they have dragons right you know exactly
it's not it's not really a remake of the
missing goofy film yeah I said that
right I totally got their most esoteric
way to end one of these thank you for
that it's safe to say this is not an
adaptation
of the actual story yeah they've taken a
lot of artistic liberties like the
social network good yeah yeah exactly
like a social network good so on that
day let us know you expect that 47 Ronin
besides Sorkin s punchy dialogue in the
comments below
I was good doing this I'm Sam I'm Andrea
and I'm Jas thanks a lot